New schema docs (#3290)
simolus3/drift: docs/docs/dart_api/expressions.md

{{ load_snippet('bitwise','lib/snippets/dart_api/expressions.dart.excerpt.json') }}

### BigInt

> You may want to cast an expression to a `BigInt` if:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to cast an expression to a `BigInt` if both of these apply to your app:
```

> - The result of an arithmetic operation will be extremely large[^1].

Reviewer: What's the point of being imprecise here? We can just write 
```suggestion
- The result of an arithmetic operation is not representable by a `double` (i.e., it is larger than `2^52`).
```

- You are compiling to JavaScript.

[^1]: Like bigger than 4,503,599,627,370,496!

> Using `dartCast<BigInt>()` will ensure that the result is interpreted as a `BigInt` by drift.

Reviewer: We should also note that this doesn't change the behavior in SQL at all.
